My art aims at generating a holistic immersion into human lives, particulary those of people who experience realities different from our owns. I am guided by the hope of generating in the observers an empathy capable of making people closer and more aware of each other's emotions.

The alphabet my works are built with comes from the experiences of my life that I could not pretend not to see: we are all responsible for the state our world is in today, and denouncing this - regardless of how we do it - gives us the illusion that we are not, after all, entirely compliant with the horror we see everyday.

I am guided by the need of finding a meaning to everyday life, despite its injustice, absurdity and contradictions.

The images, the words, the contents are gathered in stories that represent our consumeristic, individualistic, capitalistic society and the objects, the characters, the cultural and artistic expressions of the past and the present are interwined to form a whirlwind that emulates the neverceasing movement of the always changing, but in the end never truly different, human life. 

The oppression, the exploitation, the power, the selfishness are to be found unchanged during the course of history, while the solution for a better world is before our eyes and our individuality prevents us from reaching it.

Past artists and some contemporary ones stringly influence my art. Materials like paper, canvas, paint and concepts like anagrams allow me to recreate the athmosphere of other paintings, creating compositions that may appear confused and disorienting at first sight, but that reveal a clear message to the careful observer. These themes are treated sometimes with irony, sometimes with sarcasm, and sometimes with analytic and rational eye. 

My past experience in photography and figurative art are the basis of my works and still represent a good part of my artistic activity. 

Thank you for you attention, and I also thank the important contemporary artists that have consented to be referenced in my works. 


